you're looking for a grammar lesson you
come to one place on this episode of
world of dance weekly we see who's
coming back who's coming up and who's
gay popping is that a verb I don't know
my name is David to me what you want to
clean my name is Megan tune and you're
watching world of dance weekly my name
is Megan Mattoon and you're watching
world of dance weekly it's painful to
speak that clearly right since this is
back with an update video to Trey Songz
foreign supporting him are Abreu POW BAM
and Bing who are all at one of the many
overseas dance camps in his latest tour
I love her if she speak another language
she be doing things I never seen I think
I might in my dream Brian recently
announced via Twitter that he's worked
with kpop star Henry in his latest music
video fantastic
dirty dancer just sitting here but see
the time loading is for me
you don't kill me
the young man before I go to the engine
talk - OH
but Bryan isn't the only query for
choreographer but Bryan isn't the only
choreographer to delve into the kpop
industry Reno from the be freaks has a
close working relationships with a few
different artists including SHINee Girls
Generation and Super Junior
it seems the kpop world has gravitates
you a few more AmeriCorps AmeriCorps
AmeriCorps okay like a generic company
in a movie it seems the kpop world has
gravitated to a few more American
choreographers including toy tester who
is credible free EXO latest project and
Ian Eastwood who just recently
choreographed came in from shinies new
singles if you're a kpop then leave us
comment down below please like to see
Korea for Korean artist slash which
Korean artist you'd like to see dance
with American dancers which is not going
to happen because Korean artists always
like to have Korean dancers a lot of
dancers and actors have stated that they
have been inspired by Charlie Chaplin
evidently it takes promise Jack's
variation of Chaplin's speech in the
Great Dictator and as dance to it what's
the help of Mike song Mike fell Mike
fell where did he fall with the help of
Mike song my ballerina hot Cruz Jillian
Meyers
Aggie Pat crews do a Packers mm-hmm with
the help of Pat Cruz Ted Cruz what's the
help of Mike foul Mike song Pat Cruz
Aggie Julian and me here is the final
speech
we've seen sorry hang on stage in class
and in video cameos but we haven't seen
her in their own produce video until now
she shoots her own choreography to Chris
Brown featuring Ilias don't think they
know show some love for Sora on her very
first produce video here
if you're looking to go to the Bay Area
we are going to have a contest going on
where you can win a tickets to the event
and a simple mobile speed pass for the
meet agree so that you can need
Jabbawockeez Ellen Kim David Moore Bo
Marley and more Marley Hightower Alan
Kim
David mo you that's it for this episode
of world of dance weekly make sure to
like us tweet us share us follow us
subscribe check out our online store
we've got a lot of cool turns it should
be on your iPod leave us the comments
that I asked you and see you in the Bay
Area that does nobody any good I don't
know wondering why doing
I love her if she speak another language
she be doing this
they've lost me really hard to they only
applause for my tea so I feel like so
weirdest feeling um